## 1. To implement a daily execution of AIDE at 4:05am using cron
  	$ echo "05 4 * * * root /usr/sbin/aide --check" | sudo tee -a /etc/crontab

## 2. To implement a weekly execution of AIDE at 4:05am using cron
	$ echo "05 4 * * 0 root /usr/sbin/aide --check" | sudo tee -a /etc/crontab

 ## Explanation of the above daily, weekly execution of AIDE:
  	1. Minute (05): This field specifies the minute of the hour when the command will run. In this case, it’s set to 5, meaning the command will run at 5 minutes past the hour.
     
	2. Hour (4): This field specifies the hour of the day (in 24-hour format) when the command will run. Here, it’s set to 4, meaning the command will run at 4 AM.

	3. Day of Month (*): This field specifies the day of the month when the command will run. The asterisk (*) means the command will run every day of the month.
 
	4. Month (*): This field specifies the month when the command will run. The asterisk (*) means the command will run every month.
 
	5. Day of Week (*): This field specifies the day of the week when the command will run. The asterisk (*) means the command will run every day of the week / Day of Week (0): Run on Sunday (0 or 7 represents Sunday).
 
	6. root: This field specifies the user under which the command should run. Here, root means the command will be executed with root privileges.
 
	7. '/usr/sbin/aide --check': This is the command to be executed. In this case, it runs AIDE (Advanced Intrusion Detection Environment) with the --check option, which checks the integrity of the system files against a previously generated database.
